Previously on
Designated Survivor...
I've been posted full-time
with the British embassy.
Effective immediately.
Did you take a vacation on St. Lucia?
Every year. my daughter and I
take one trip together.
This year. St. Lucia.
You're being subpoenaed by Foerstel?
For what?
He's found a St. Lucian bank account
set up by Eric Little.
six months ago. in my name.
I'm being set up.
Where are we
with Little's murder investigation?
Nothing on that front. sir.
Were you able to tie Little to Lloyd?
There's no evidence that connects them.
You're the greatest thing
since sliced bread.
And bread is great.
Fundamentally great. Like water.
Or air. Or you.
Is there a problem?
Step out of the vehicle.
The charges were dismissed.
But my duty to inform
the president wasn't.
Three-letter day?
Every month.
the White House receives 10.000 letters.
The president chooses three letters
to answer.
How does that involve us?
We investigate the requests
and advise the president.
- That's exciting.
- Yeah.
Three-letter day can be a red-letter day.
- I'm not doing this.
- For some.
I don't like letters.
I don't read or write them.
- Whose asinine idea was this?
- The president's.
- I'm in.
- Attaboy.
- Three-letter day. amigo.
- Oh. somebody please shoot me.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Today is not just simply symbolic.
Today. we are gonna
truly serve the electorate
by trying to answer
their specific requests.
Aaron and Emily.
this was written by the widow
of Daniel Goff. Sergeant First Class.
She asks why her husband
was denied the Medal of Honor
for his ultimate sacrifice and bravery
during Operation Enduring Freedom.
- On it.
- Absolutely.
Thank you.
Seth and Lyor.
help Mr. Adamson figure out
what's killing his bees.
- Bees?
- Yes. bees.
They are an indicator species.
They pollinate over 80% of our crops.
They die. plants die.
man will shortly follow.
It's in our interest to do what we can
to find out what's killing his bees.
- Thank you. This is a solemn honor.
- I'm sure you'll do great.
- Jackpot!
- Snake eyes.
Kendra. this is a request for a pardon
in a federal death penalty case.
There hasn't been a federal execution
since 2003.
He's scheduled to die by lethal injection
this Friday.
An anonymous letter
from Winter Haven. Florida.
Seeking clemency for Chandler Dern?
He was a pharmacist convicted of killing
a DEA agent in 2001.
This writer says that Dern appealed
his sentence. but not his conviction.
That's what caught my eye.
Strange. right?
Unheard of. given the stakes.
I'm not inclined to impose my judgment
over a jury's.
But if you found anything
to indicate manifest injustice.
- I would wanna know.
- I'll get cracking.
You got 72 hours.
Understood. Sir. we have another issue.
There's been a development in regards
to your wife's subpoena. We should talk.
Foerstel's offering
to seal the proceedings?
With one condition.
That you don't move
to quash your subpoena.
So an inducement.
Secrecy in exchange for cooperation.
If Alex appears and her answers lead
to an indictment. that will go public.
It's a calculated risk.
What are the odds
that you can get this tossed?
It's a coin flip.
The case against you
is wildly circumstantial.
With one exception. The account
in St. Lucia in your name
that Eric Little opened is damning.
Unless Hannah Wells can find
the banker who set it up.
we cannot clear you.
Only the banker can prove
that the First Lady's St. Lucia account
is a Lloyd set-up.
- They'll never give you his name.
- We'll see.
I can be very persuasive.
Hello. I'm Ms. Sloane.
I'm here to see Mr. Brewer.
You'd like to open an account
in St. Lucia?
Yes.
- On someone's behalf?
- Yes.
That is a third-party service
we do not offer.
I have it from a trusted friend
that one of your officers
does offer the service.
Is that so?
If you could put me in touch
with the right person.
I'd be happy to pay a premium.
Sorry. but we are unable to help you.
If you could give me the name
of the officer...
That will be all. Have a good day.
Don't play with guns
if you don't know how to use them.
Me. I know how to use them.
Would you like to give me the name
of that bank officer?
Quashing this will come down to the judge.
Yes. And the optics of giving
the First Lady a pass
could weigh heavily on them.
What should weigh heavily on them
is that this is a set-up.
- Alex.
- We're moving to quash. Tom.
Could you give us a moment?
We need to discuss this.
- Yes. sir.
- Thank you.
- This witch hunt has lasted months.
- I know.
I don't want to give Foerstel
any more oxygen.
Every procedural maneuver. stratagem.
we'll avail ourselves of all of it.
That's only putting off the inevitable.
Foerstel won't back down
because you quote
the Federal Rules of Procedure.
- It's our only viable tactic.
- It's what we've been doing so far.
Playing defense.
and look where it's gotten us.
- Closer to the precipice.
- Then let's step back.
Alex. you are a fighter.
It's one of the many things
I love about you.
But we're not fighting this. we're hiding.
Pretending like it'll blow over.
It won't.
This storm has been coming at us
for a while.
We tried to outrun it. but we couldn't.
So we take a different tact. we dig in.
We fight this thing.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
I roll over this morning
and you're not there.
- That can give a guy a complex.
- You needed your beauty sleep.
I could've helped you
track down the banker
who helped frame the First Lady.
It wasn't a two-man job.
You. Hannah Wells. are a lone wolf.
Who hunted down the banker's name.
Touché.
Anything on our rogue banker?
TSA confirms Alfonso Lang flew
from Hewanorra to Dulles four days ago.
Did he have a sheet?
A lot of raps for money laundering.
all of which he's beaten.
otherwise he'd be on the no-fly list.
You got a 411 on his location?
Just a contact at Interpol
telling me he meets with clients
in the district regularly
to set up tax scams.
I'll contact the embassy.
See if he's on one of their watch lists
and tripped a wire.
St. Lucia's a British protectorate.
Actually. St. Lucia's a sovereign nation.
Part of the Commonwealth.
Well done. Charles.
You should go on Jeopardy!
And you should...
Go on it. too.
Hey. Kendra.
Of course. I'll be right there.
White House Counsel needs help
with an urgent matter.
No problem.
I'll call you as soon as I find anything.
All right. Play nice. boys.
No. I don't know who sent it.
But every word's true.
I'm innocent.
We reviewed your file.
You were convicted of murdering
a DEA agent named Carl Marley in 2001.
A ketamine sting gone bad.
The prosecutor convinced the jury
that your pharmacy
was in financial trouble.
And that I was selling ketamine
on the black market
when I'd never even jaywalked?
His body was found in a park
near your store.
Shot in the face with a gun
that was never located.
Traces of his blood were found
on your storage room floor.
Twenty people were in that room every day.
Anyone could've tracked it in.
What about your trial lawyer?
Can we talk to him?
No. He died three years ago.
But he was pretty worthless
when he was alive.
How much money did you have left
after the trial?
As it turned out.
just enough to appeal the sentence.
Mr. Dern.
this was a highly circumstantial case.
Your lawyer did a bad job.
We're going to look into this for you.
That's great.
But I believe I've exhausted my appeals.
It wouldn't be an appeal.
It would be a commutation.
If the president were to grant that.
I wouldn't have words.
But I've been waiting for justice
a long time. and it's never come.
Hope is a dangerous thing.
I don't wanna die a coward praying
for a reprieve that's never coming.
That's not a legacy
I want for my children.
Then don't pray. Prepare.
And let us do our thing.
Chandler Dern has two master's degrees.
Does it make sense to you
that a lawyer. even a crooked one.
could convince him that
it was a good idea not to appeal?
Not even a little bit.
He has a son in Gaithersburg.
Let's see what he has to say.
Thanks for talking to us.
I'm thrilled that you're looking
into my father's sentence.
Is there a chance
the president might step in?
It depends on our investigation.
How can I help?
Is there a reason your father
wouldn't be forthcoming with us?
- What did he tell you?
- It's not what he told us.
It's what we're asking you to tell us.
It's interesting.
You're devoted to your father.
Visitor logs at the prison say
you're there twice a week.
But your younger sister. Tracy.
hasn't been to see him in 16 years.
We're wondering why.
My mom died when I was six.
I was 17 when they took him away. and...
I got through it.
I set up an auto repair business.
- Tracy. she wasn't so lucky.
- But my dad. he...
He told us to always put family first.
I'm not talking about Tracy.
We don't have time for games.
Your father's life is on the line.
My sister. she's always had problems
with drugs.
She used to hang out
with some bad people.
I think that my father was afraid
his investigation would implicate her.
Were those people used as a defense
in your father's trial?
My dad wouldn't allow that.
- Where can we find your sister?
- No.
If he knew I told you any of this.
he would disown me.
Frank. your father is about to be
put to death.
I don't think disowning you
is the issue here.
Your husband was
very handsome. Mrs. Goff.
Thank you.
Daniel was my everything.
The president was moved by your letter.
Could you tell us more?
Daniel was sent to Kandahar
in 2013 to battle ISIL.
Part of the international
peacekeeping force.
Yes. One of the first American casualties.
At his funeral. one of his soldiers.
Corporal Mankiewicz. told me
Daniel single-handedly kept the insurgents
at bay until help could arrive.
He stopped them from overrunning
the American position.
- That sounds like conspicuous bravery.
- I think so.
But I wrote his CO. Colonel Baines...
And he ignored me.
Uh...
Twelve letters over the past four years.
and he didn't answer one.
Daniel once told me
Special Forces was like family.
but this is not how you treat family.
Our son. Danny Junior. is seven now.
Asking about his father.
I would like to tell him
his dad was a war hero.
not just some stranger
who died 10.000 miles away.
On behalf of the president.
we promise to look into this.
Thank you.
Sergeant Goff's unit was ambushed
in Kandahar.
Mortars. RPGs. Machine guns.
They were pinned down for hours.
Took a lot of casualties.
You deserve a medal
for even coming through that.
I agree. But Goff wasn't there.
Where was he?
He was doing recon
in the Kabul Dwarza district.
It's a click away.
that's where the IED took him out.
Did you explain this
to Sergeant Goff's widow?
Repeatedly. But she kept writing.
She is not the first widow
that wants recognition for her husband.
but facts are facts.
After some time. I had to stop responding.
- Were there any other witnesses?
- Just Corporal Mankiewicz.
He put the idea of a medal in her ear.
- So where's Mankiewicz now?
- He's dead. sir.
He committed suicide
a year after leaving the service.
According to this.
he was the only potential witness left.
I guess that's that.
- Mike. you wanna add something?
- It's not appropriate. sir.
- It is if I'm asking.
- It's just...
That was Goff's unit.
It doesn't make sense
he'd be a click away from his men
if they were expecting hostiles.
which they would've been.
You think Colonel Baines is mistaken.
In my opinion. sir.
Mike served six years. Special Forces.
If he doesn't think something's adding up.
something's not adding up.
- Dig deeper.
- Yes. sir.
- Emily. can I borrow you?
- Of course. sir.
They've been banging the drum on this
all week.
The media's picked it up.
That's why Foerstel's trying to induce
Alex to testify now.
He knows the heat's turning up.
He's trying to take advantage
of the timing.
I got a message from his office today.
He has an update on the Cincinnati area
police abuse investigation.
Why? That's been dormant for months.
- The timing's odd.
- No. it's not.
He wants to talk off the record
about my wife's subpoena.
That's why he contacted you
instead of Kendra.
- Do you want me to take the meeting?
- Yes.
The second he talks about Icarus.
walk away.
I don't want this office
to have the slightest appearance
of trying to obstruct this investigation.
- Understood.
- Thank you.
- Mr. Director.
- Thanks for meeting me.
You have an update
on the Cincinnati investigation?
Yes. My considered opinion is
there may have been wrongdoing.
Serious wrongdoing.
And our opinion is that the facts to date
don't remotely support that conclusion.
It's provisional opinion. which is why
an investigation has to continue.
Despite the fact you're chasing
what any objective observer
would describe as innuendo.
Wild conspiracy theories.
All investigations chase those things
until they disclose the truth.
Or turn up nothing.
Meanwhile. damage is done
to those you're investigating.
If the subjects of this investigation
are innocent. there won't be any damage.
We both know that's not true.
Reputations can be harmed.
Institutions eroded.
That's not my concern.
Is that what you want me
to tell the president?
Tell him Cincinnati is not personal.
It's professional.
And I owe a duty to the American people
to follow this to the end of the line.
No matter what.
Foerstel wanted to underscore
he wouldn't stand down.
- Didn't think he would.
- And here's why.
The media's covering
the Icarus investigation.
He's staking his professional credibility
on the outcome.
Not a problem
if you're a career civil servant.
Which he is.
Not for long.
I played a hunch. sir.
I reached out to a source in Albany.
where he's from. and it turns out.
he formed an exploratory committee
for a 2018 New York Senate run.
right when the Icarus investigation began.
He has a secret PAC in the works. too.
They've already raised
half a million dollars.
He's doing it on the back
of the investigation.
We know you respect process.
so we're recommending you appoint
a special prosecutor to investigate.
- A special prosecutor?
- Yes. sir.
It doesn't end the Icarus investigation.
It simply removes Foerstel
from the equation.
Which is in the best interest
of the White House
since he may have ulterior motives.
Ambition is not an ulterior motive.
It's a by-product of the work
that gets done in this town
and no one's immune.
- Present company included.
- Sir...
With regards to a special prosecutor.
history tells me
that they're runaway trains.
One investigation turns into another.
etcetera.
Way too risky.
It's the lesser of two evils.
A risk we can manage.
Emily. I get it.
I'll take it under advisement. Thank you.
Thank you. Mr. President.
Hey. so three-letter day. huh?
Yeah. Three-letter day.
Wait. hang on. Um. can I talk to you?
Uh. I've got a thing I...
Look. um. I have a thing. too. okay?
It's called walking on eggshells.
which is what I feel like I've been doing
the last few days.
I'm wondering if you told
the president that I got arrested
for covering up my brother's drugs.
and what that means for me.
Because I'm also obsessed
with this thing called job security.
It's an evolving situation.
"Evolving." Got it.
Yeah.
That's also a thing.
Oh.
Interesting fact.
A colony rears several queens at once.
The first queen that hatches
stings the others to death in their cells.
If two emerge at once.
they fight until one is killed.
It's like an election.
I didn't set out to be an apiarist.
It began as a hobby. and before I knew it.
I had three colonies.
Their upkeep must take a lot of time.
Yes. But I now harvest $4.000 a month
worth of honey from my hives.
That's excellent. So. how can we help?
Eddie thinks the FAA is killing our bees.
Really? How?
That new Air Route
Surveillance Radar facility.
it opened around the time of the die-off.
Bees navigate using magnetic fields.
I think the radar is disrupting that.
Are they flying into trees?
No. Seth.
They're insects. not imbeciles.
They use a solar compass to navigate.
Disrupt that.
you compromise their spatial memory.
They can't find their food.
You must be a fellow melittologist.
I dabble. So you've spoken with the ARSR?
Yes. I told them two of my three
colonies had been completely wiped out.
But they ignored me.
That's why I wrote the president a letter.
- Eddie's very proactive.
- So is the White House.
Oh. we didn't mean
to put you to all this trouble.
Oh. no. The trouble will be the FAA's.
Tell Apis cerana to stand by.
Help's on the way.
Uh. we'll be in touch.
Interesting fact.
- Bees never sleep.
- I don't care.
They're the only insect
that produces food for humans.
I still don't care.
Oh. you've been stung. haven't you?
Hey. Ms. Slater.
Seth Wright. This is Lyor Boone.
Thank you so much for coming.
On behalf of the FAA. we're thrilled
the president has an interest in aviation.
Oh. he doesn't.
His interest is in bees.
- Oh. God. Not that Eddie guy again.
- You remember him?
As the administrator of the ARSR.
I have a hard time forgetting someone
I nearly got a restraining order against.
- The letters. The calls. The pickets.
- All of which you ignored.
No. we didn't.
We tried to reach an amicable settlement.
but the problem resolved itself.
Or I thought it did.
- Who told you that?
- Helen Adamson.
His wife?
That's her. Chandler's daughter.
Ms. Dern? I'm Hannah Wells. FBI.
This is Kendra Daynes.
The White House Counsel.
- I've left you messages.
- I've nothing to say.
It's about your dad.
You remember him. don't you?
Winter Haven?
You spend a lot of time there?
Please leave me alone.
- Did you write to us about your Dad?
- No.
We work for the White House.
If your Dad is innocent. we can save him.
If you know something
that can help us prove...
I don't. Now please. let me go.
She couldn't even look us in the eye.
Could be a guilty conscience.
Let's play it out.
She's a strung-out teen back in the day.
Got mixed up in the ketamine buy.
The agent's death.
Her dad takes the fall for her.
When he's looking at his last meal.
she finally caves.
Writes a letter to save his life.
I'll see if she has a rap sheet.
prior drug convictions.
Okay. I have to meet Agent Rennett
about the First Lady's case.
See you in the White House in an hour?
- I'll call as soon as I hear something.
- Okay.
Hey.
- You've been scarce.
- Yeah. it's three-letter day.
Is that some sort of postal holiday?
No. it's... What do we have on the banker?
Our Mr. Lang has dual citizenship.
St. Lucia and the UK.
Multiple passports.
He landed here
using his St. Lucia passport.
Used his British one to pass into Canada
a few days ago.
He's exploiting multiple identities
so we can't catch him in real time.
Good way to stay one step
ahead of the banking regulators.
By the time our systems update.
he could be in Kathmandu.
We have to find him.
He's the First Lady's last hope
to avoid the FBI inquiry.
Yeah.
Alfonso Lang has a condo in Georgetown
he leases through a closely held
corporation called Montserrat Alliance.
I'm texting you the address.
We don't know that he's in the country.
I do. I can trace a purchase to
a company credit card 90 minutes ago.
- A massage parlor in Dupont.
- Thanks. Chuck.
Lang's local.
Chuck is texting us the deets.
If we can get Lang to confess
that he was working at Lloyd's behest
to make it look like the First Lady
was getting a payola from Icarus.
we can clear her name.
Great. I'm gonna hit the loo.
I'll see you in a second.
You got a partial plate?
First three letters.
Chuck's running it.
- There's a lesson here.
- What's that?
You shouldn't beat up bankers without me.
Especially bankers
who want to frame the First Lady.
You think you could've
gotten out of the way of that car?
Nope. I would've shot the guy
before he got in it.
Mr. Lang? Hannah Wells. FBI.
TV's on.
You sure that's not someone
calling for help?
Exigent circumstances.
No need for a warrant.
You really have been here too long.
I've been here longer.
Hello?
Mr. Lang?
We just missed him.
Someone tipped him off.
Colonel Baines.
we have more questions about Kandahar.
Those are the GPS coordinates
of Sergeant Goff's phone
during the battle in which he was killed.
You know what's interesting
about these coordinates?
They put Sergeant Goff
in the middle of the battle.
not a click away doing recon.
That's the information I had.
Let me show you the information we have.
This is a divorce filing.
Your divorce filing.
And it lists adultery as the grounds.
An affair your wife had
with Sergeant Goff.
Filing a false report
is a court-martial offense.
Dishonorable discharge. Prison time.
I don't need to tell you that.
No. you don't.
So you will amend your statement
of Sergeant Goff's conduct.
And you'll recommend that he be
posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor.
Okay.
I'll do that.
Thank you.
And I won't leave out any of it.
Not how he betrayed my trust.
Or seduced my wife.
Or ruined my marriage. or any of it.
And his widow can frame my statement
right next to his Medal of Honor.
So both of you disagree
with regards to Sergeant Goff?
Yes. We both agree
he should be recognized for his valor.
But medals are for the living.
not the dead. They provide comfort.
If we award this medal to Sergeant Goff.
his wife will also learn
about his infidelity.
And I disagree.
These inquiries have a narrow focus.
to determine the facts on the battlefield.
Which deserve commendation.
Yes. Once you factor extraneous
personal circumstances into the mix...
The medal is about
extraneous personal circumstances.
What it will mean to the next of kin.
The greatest gift
we can give the next of kin is the truth.
I would like to meet with Mrs. Goff
and her son. here in the Oval Office.
Absolutely.
May I address another matter?
Sure. what is it?
I'm here championing for transparency.
I'm ashamed to admit
I haven't been as transparent with you
as I should have been
regarding a personnel issue.
I'm listening.
A few days ago.
Seth was arrested and charged...
I already know about it.
You do?
The District of Columbia DA is a friend.
We play cards together.
He told me as soon as I got back
from Kabul.
I'm sorry
we didn't have this conversation sooner.
So am I.
The point is. we're having it now.
I know that the White House
is like a family.
I can't imagine
how difficult it is for you sometimes
in the trenches with everyone.
Yes. sir.
But you work for me
and I can't do my job
when I'm kept in the dark.
I rely on you to counsel me
through these kinds of matters.
Understood.
Having said that...
What do you think I should do about Seth?
Look at them.
So innocent. So vulnerable.
They're bees. Lyor.
Wait. Lyor. hold on.
J'accuse. Helen Adamson.
Justice must be done.
Wait. wait. Lyor. relax.
I am relaxed.
Relaxed as someone about to confront
a woman over apicide can be.
- That's not a word.
- Yes. it is.
- We don't know that she killed the bees.
- Yes. we do.
- You have to stop ringing the bell.
- No. I don't.
Sorry. Just got out of the shower.
We need to talk.
- Oh. okay. Eddie stepped out.
- Oh. just the three of us. then.
We can come back
at a more convenient time. Thanks.
I'll just be a minute. Come in.
Great.
Make yourselves comfortable
and I'll be right back.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
What are you doing?
Hey.
You realize this gives me more evidence
for your
involuntary commitment application?
She killed the bees. Thousands of them.
- She didn't. The FAA did.
- Wrong.
Two of the three colonies
collapsed completely.
The third seems to be fine.
Which means that while the radar
may have weakened them.
she applied the coup de grâce.
And this was it.
Helen Adamson
is the colony collapse disorder.
Okay. Animal Planet.
Slow down and take me through it.
This is royal jelly. A massive amount.
You take too much from the hive.
the queen stops laying.
The larvae starts dying.
- Why would she kill the bees?
- Jealousy.
Have you seen the house?
It's a glorious shrine to bees.
She gets rid of the bees.
she gets her husband back?
Yes. Except. he's going to leave
when he learns she's a serial killer.
He's not learning anything.
Our remit is to save the bees.
not wreck their marriage.
We'll save the bees
by wrecking the marriage.
No. no. Listen. I have a plan. okay?
It'll save your bees.
and the federal government
from an alienation of affection lawsuit.
Now. sit down. shut up and let me explain.
Why do they call it the Oval Office?
Because it's shaped like an oval.
What's an oval?
Sort of like a circle. but squished.
Is there a triangle office?
- Danny. that's enough questions.
- No. it's fine.
There isn't.
but it would be really cool if there was.
Why don't we have a seat?
Mrs. Goff. I am very sorry.
but I am not gonna be able
to present your husband with the medal.
Our investigation was inconclusive.
Memories fade. Witnesses disappear.
There's a high standard of proof
for this sort of thing.
I understand. sir.
I asked you both here today
because I wanted to present you with this.
from me.
And I wanted to talk to you. Danny.
About your father.
Okay.
I want you to know how brave he was.
There are people alive today
because of what your father did.
That's what made him a hero.
My dad was brave.
Yes. he was. Very.
And if anyone asks you how you know that.
tell them that the president
of the United States told you.
Thank you.
No. Thank you.
We are pleased to report that the FAA
has agreed to redirect its radio waves
so that your colonies
are no longer affected.
- Really?
- Yes.
So we anticipate
a resurgence in your bee population.
A robust resurgence.
See. Helen.
I told you President Kirkman cared.
The person you should be thanking
is your wife.
She's the one who brought the FAA to heel.
- I don't know what to say.
- We'll let you say it in private.
No. wait.
I'm ashamed of my behavior.
I've repaid my wife's devotion
with treachery.
I wanna confess it
in front of everyone here.
- Eddie?
- We should go. Lyor.
- Your roses? The ones the deer ate?
- What about them?
- It wasn't the deer. I poisoned them.
- What?
- Now. Lyor.
- You're being rude.
He wants to unburden himself.
They were drawing them away
from better food sources.
I was desperate.
Oh. God. I am so sorry.
I am sorry. too. That I didn't kill more
of those parasites.
- You killed my bees?
- Not enough of them. you bastard.
- You murderer!
- You're the murderer!
- Now we can go.
- My mother was right about you!
Oh. speaking of someone
I wanna kill.
Don't you dare mention her name.
I should have
married Lance Burtleson.
Lance? Please!
Someone tried to run you down?
It's an occupational hazard.
I'm fine. Talk to me.
I checked Tracy in the system.
No record.
But I got a hit from another Dern.
- Her brother. Frank.
- What's his collar for?
Drug conviction in 2001.
Six months after his dad's conviction.
Misdemeanor and possession of ketamine.
Which was a rare designer drug
back in 2001.
Meaning if Chandler Dern
was covering for someone.
it wasn't his daughter.
- Keep each other posted.
- Deal.
Is the president going to pardon me?
Not unless you tell the truth.
I've been telling the truth for 16 years.
I'm innocent.
I believe you.
And I also believe you know who's not.
This is Frank's arrest record.
What does that have to do with anything?
We both know what happened that night.
Your son tried to buy ketamine.
It went wrong. He killed Carl Marley.
That's a lie.
You took the fall.
And made your daughter keep the secret.
And it destroyed her.
But she kept faith with you.
Until she couldn't anymore because
she didn't wanna watch her father die.
If you think I'm gonna give up my son.
you must not have children.
You've been tried and convicted
for this crime.
No prosecutor on Earth
will try to charge Frank for this now.
let alone try to convince a jury
to convict him.
But the world will know.
Mr. Dern. if you want
the president to pardon you.
he needs to hear the truth from your lips.
I regret the damage done to Tracy
more than anything.
And I would gladly die
if it would make her whole again.
But I can't help her now.
I can help Frank.
He has a life. And I will sacrifice mine
so that he can keep his.
Guard!
- Hey.
- Hey...
This will just take a second.
I've decided to offer the president
my resignation.
What?
I've been skulking around here
the last two days.
I know he knows I've been arrested.
I can see it in the way he looks at me.
I can hear it in his tone.
He put me on bee patrol.
He cares about bees.
Bee patrol with Lyor.
Yeah.
I'm in the doghouse.
I don't know how to get out.
So I figure I'll offer him my resignation.
If he accepts. I know I'm good.
If not...
- He won't accept it.
- How do you know that?
Because I told him to fire you.
And he declined.
- I had to be objective.
- No. I know.
An objective Emily would view
your behavior as disloyal.
You compromised the one person
you can't compromise.
- And you did it willingly.
- I know.
And you compromised me.
And I've looked at this
every which way since it's gone down.
I've reconsidered every option.
And here's where I come out.
I would do it again.
Because Michael's my brother
and I protect my family.
I know.
And that's exactly why he won't fire you.
You get one "get out of jail free" card
and you just used it.
So what now?
Come here.
Now go forth and sin no more.
Thanks.
For what? Trying to get you fired?
For always doing the right thing.
The right thing to do.
Sometimes it seems impossible
to know what that is anymore.
Yes. sir.
Your case summary makes it perfectly clear
that Mr. Dern covered for his son.
In his mind. trying to protect his family.
However misguided. I don't think
anyone deserves to die for that.
I agree. sir.
But the fact remains
there's a dead federal agent
whose murderer's walking the streets
because Mr. Dern chose
to obstruct justice.
And he has to pay for that.
But not with his life.
So you're commuting his sentence.
Yes. but not his conviction.
He'll spend his life in prison
unless he tells the truth.
Can you patch me through
to the penitentiary? Thanks.
The car that nearly hit you
was a silver sedan.
Maryland plates that start with SK1.
I narrowed it to 19 people.
Did you cross-reference this list
for connections to Alfonso Lang?
Yeah. Nothing.
What about the Federal Bank of St. Lucia?
Ran that search. too. Nada.
I'll run a deeper search.
Look for even tangential contacts between
these people and Icarus. Lloyd.
Nineteen cars is a lot of cars.
Yeah. It's a lot of cars.
But the person who tried to kill me
would wanna make sure
that this car wasn't traced back to them.
You know what's interesting
about this list?
One of the cars on it
was in an accident three days ago.
- Where are you going?
- I got a hunch.
If I'm right.
I'll know who tried to kill me.
That's good work. boys.
See you tomorrow.
Agent Wells.
I assume you heard
about your father's commutation.
I did. Thank you for all your work.
- It's been a great relief.
- I'm sure it is.
It would be terrible to watch him die
for a murder you committed.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- Drop the act.
We both know
you're never going to answer for it.
But you will answer for something.
- You're making a big mistake.
- No. you did.
When you used a car that your shop
was repairing to try and kill me.
We know you were driving the car.
Your office manager saw you get into it.
- She's mistaken.
- Put your hands up.
On the car. Now!
Saving your dad meant
that I would ruin your reputation.
so you tried to run me down.
Guess what?
It's been 16 years. but you're finally
going to jail. you son of a bitch.
I have the First Lady for you.
Thank you. Ava. Hey.
I was just heading up to the Residence.
This couldn't wait.
You need to fire John Foerstel.
- Why?
- Because he is using his office
to create headlines for himself.
He's purposely muddying the waters
for potential political gain.
He's betraying his oath of office.
that is why.
- Alex. it's not that easy.
- Yes. it is.
Patrick Lloyd has been dead
for two months.
We are still being haunted by him.
The fabricated bank account.
The conspiracy with Icarus
that doesn't even exist.
- None of this is real.
- I know.
Why are you letting us get dragged down
by an investigation
when you can do something about it?
My staff wants me
to appoint a special prosecutor.
You want me to fire Foerstel.
- You're all missing the point.
- What is the point?
Your mother committed a federal crime.
Thirty years ago. maybe.
but she committed a crime.
There are consequences.
I can't just change the rules
because it suits us.
John Foerstel is preparing
to run for Senate.
He is not playing by the rules.
Yes. he is. damn it!
He's doing his job.
maybe not the way we want him to.
I can't fire him for that.
If I did. who would I be?
My husband.
Wow.
I can't believe you just said that.
You're questioning
my commitment as a husband
because I won't interfere
in an investigation
where we've done absolutely nothing wrong?
You're a hell of a lawyer. Alex.
but you're a lousy defendant.
- More wine?
- Sure.
Uh-oh.
- Are we out?
- Yep.
Burning the midnight oil. Chuck?
Yes. listen. I got something.
I ran Lang's cell phone.
You were right. Somebody called him
right before you got to his condo.
- From a burner.
- Do we know who it was?
No. But I triangulated the signal
based on the cell phone towers.
Call came from 4th and H. 2:22 p.m.
I'm gonna hit the loo.
I'll meet you there.
Hannah. Are you there?
Yeah. Thanks. Chuck.
I'll talk to you soon.
Hey. what's it gonna be?
Work or pleasure?
Pleasure.
Subtitles by explosiveskull